this is my first time attempting to cook
beef jerky on a wreck Tech Grill
this is top sirloin I just got a
one-pound cut from the butcher at about
they said a 15 length and let these
smoke for about four hours maybe less
I'm gonna check on it in about an hour
and see how fast it's going it's been
cooking at 180 the drop temperature
because i just opened the grill i let
these marinate overnight and a teriyaki
marinade and I added some soy sauce and
kosher salt some crushed red peppers
onion powder and garlic powder I'll let
that sit overnight and see how it goes
here pretty soon but it's now an hour
later and it seems like these things are
actually ready to be taken off
it's crispy
drive
yeah it's a little bit longer than maybe
a half hour they should be done that was
quick
all right I just pulled it out a half
hour later and this is what I got some
thin crispy jerky consistency so you get
so hour and a half total cook time at
180 degrees very crispy just falls apart
and this is what I was going for